hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna
introduce you a sci-fi thriller film the
doomsday on some day in the future
Scotland where a deadly virus has
outspread the whole country and infected
its citizens too massive
horrible death unable to contain the
rapid outbreak the British Army has to
weld up the border gate trying to
prevent any Runaways out of the infected
area while a squad of soldiers still
left inside are about to evacuate from
the quarantine zone by helicopter a
mother cry bags the soldiers to take her
baby out if no more room for too many
people in the helicopter a soldier
decides to give his room for the baby
not long after the British government
builds a massive iron wall surrounding a
round with mines planted under the water
and cross-border which isolates Scotland
from the rest of Great Britain inside
the quarantine Scotland people run into
big chaos without any law and order but
due to the deadly virus the whole
infected area dies down slowly within
months into a dead silent hell 27 years
later after the start of quarantine
police officers happen to discover some
people infected dead by the virus during
their routine investigation in London
where the government officials are
highly alerted by the virus reaching
into Britain Prime Minister shares the
satellite footage showing some survivors
have been incredibly found in Scotland
based on that they believe a cure to the
virus may exist in the infected area
Prime Minister suit orders to send a
team into Scotland to find the survivors
and the Cure they choose a tough agent
Eden to take charge of this mission
whose the exact little baby saved by the
government 27 years ago but for eating
this mission is also personal as she
hopes to find her mother's survived or
not
Eden is told a doctor who conducted the
research on the virus vaccine might be
still contained in that area
as he's late for that evacuation it's
better for her to find out the doctor
with any possible vaccine even soon
heads to the border to join her team
with the iron wall cut open the team
crosses the wall all the way to a
deserted building where the doctor's
last known location is supposed to be
after arrival they spread out for search
the driver in the armored truck
identifies a survivor through the
surveillance camera without following
the instructions from Eden the driver
carries the weak survivor back into the
truck while suddenly Eden and her team
in the building are ambushed by a group
of barbarians despite their gunfire the
team suffers heavy casualties
they managed to escape into an elevator
cut off its cable and bond to the bottom
for supporting counter force so as to
prevent the elevator from crashing down
on the ground at the same time the two
trucks are under attack with flames from
the barbarians on their retreat the
driver get his throat cut by the girl
who saved inside by him but a suicide
bomb is thrown out taking both lives
another truck comes to the basement to
pick up Eden and her team but at the
time they're running away from this area
its driver gets shot dead suddenly which
rolls over the truck after a fierce
resistance against gangs of barbarians
approaching near the team lose their
control and get captured up with only
two members escape down it turns out
this is a huge gang of brutal cannibals
Eden's hung up and interrogated by the
gangs leader who plans to use her as
leverage to cross the iron wall allowing
his army to start their invasion of
England the leader then leaves for the
sacrificial ceremony where Eden's fellow
is burned alive with his flesh shared to
the mat cannibals
edan tricks to provoke and overwhelm the
security guard before she takes key out
of the dungeon
she then finds a girl locked in the cell
who's named Kali and claims to be the
doctor's daughter but while she's gonna
release Kali out a female cannibal shows
up to attack eaten out of sudden but get
killed by edon instead after that Eden
escapes out with Kali and plans to meet
her two team fellows at a safe location
who get caught up with the chasing
cannibals on a bus and strive their best
to get rid of them before the two
successfully make it to the meeting
point right at that critical moment the
team are helped to escape out the
cannibal territory on a train where Kali
reveals that the man who just helped
them out is her brother they are both
the children of the doctor the team are
looking for nevertheless being
unsatisfied with the doctor father's
rule the brother sets apart with his
father by creating his own rebels not
long after the train comes to a stop
Kali leads them into a secret tunnel
under a mountain all the way out to the
other side where they're arrested by the
soldiers armed with archaic weapons and
armor they are taken to a medieval
castle with a community there we're all
living a lifestyle totally different
from the cannibals the team are then
brought before the doctor but the
community's so-called general right now
Eden tells the doctor the exact mission
her team are here for but never expects
the answer that there's no cure at all
only people with natural immunity since
the doctor and his family are left
behind by the government during the
quarantine he would not offer any single
help to the people outside the iron wall
but rather he sentences the team to
death and keeps them in prison meanwhile
on the other side the virus takes an
outbreak in London and seems to have
spread to most of the ordinary people
right before the Prime Minister plans to
retreat government officials to an
isolated fortress underground and
infected breaks inside and tries to kill
him
although the infected is soon shot down
his blood splatters on the face of the
Prime Minister who has been taken up for
quarantine but the abandoned Prime
Minister fears the infection and chooses
to end his life by himself under the
death sentence Eden is brought out into
a dead duel with medieval knights for
the entertainment of all followers there
under the violent attack from the knight
who was armed up even to his finger Eden
has no edge with her bare fists but to
run and hide waiting for any chance to
strike back she soon got their weakness
and killed the Knights under heavy
armour meanwhile the other team fellow
strike the security guards down by
surprise and managed to release Kali and
retrieves their weapons before they
escape out of the prison when knowing
the unrest of the team the doctor bursts
into anger and orders to execute even
the mediately but during a big chaos due
to explosion inside the team safe Eden
out and escape away from the castle they
soon reach an underground facility in
the forest where they find an intact
modern automobile but right before their
run away the doctor's men comes after
and shot at a team fellow who's about to
shut down the tunnel gate Eden and her
left team get no choice but to drive
fast out of the tunnel during their way
back to the border Eden tells the
government they've got the cure and asks
for the backup for evacuation but
unexpectedly they are intercepted by the
cannibals who seeks to avenge for the
lost Eden fears for nothing and rushes
the car into the gang
after a high-speed chase the cannibals
come close and try to jump into Eden's
car thanks to her driving skills as a
trained agent eating manages to kill
many of the following cannibals however
the leader goes on rampage and is still
attached on the top so eden takes the
chance by crashing into a big bus in the
way with the leader stuck in the big
explosion the survivors soon reached the
meeting point with the government
helicopter eden hands the virus pure
cali to the new prime minister to her
surprise the Prime Minister seems
unwilling to make the vaccine right now
but rather he would only offer the
vaccine after all of the infected die
away
just for safe of his continuous rule
over England but he never expects that
this is recorded down by Eden secretly
Eden decides to stay in the quarantine
area she visits her hold home in search
of her mother and family memories if she
gives her old boss that recording which
is later broadcast to the whole country
whereas in goes deep alone inside the
cannibal community or before the gang
she throws their leaders head onto the
ground the gang remains silent for a
moment before all cheering up accepting
Eden as their new leader this is Daniel
CC movie review see you all next time
with more shows bye